My project is called Trackr, and it is a way for people to create and collaborate on projects together, similar to sites such as Asana and Monday.com. Once users have created an account, they can create a new board which you can think of as a category or folder where you want your projects to be stored. After a board has been created, users can click the "new project" button which allows them to enter the project name, description and due date of the project. On each board there are 2 tabs, one that displays projects in progress and one that displays projects that the user can mark as completed. For any project they've created, they can click on it to open a pop-up modal which shows the details of the project like the name, the project owner (creator), due date, date created, and description. The user can edit the name, description or due date at any time they'd like. On the modal, the user can add tasks or updates for this project and for each task/update, they can mark it as complete or delete it. For any project, the user has the ability to invite other users to join that project. If a request is sent, the reqestee will get a notifcation asking them if they'd like to join. If they hit accept, they are now on the project and can add tasks/updates themselves but they cannot edit the details of the project (ex. project name) if they are not the one who created the project. Users have the ability to leave the project at any time or the project owner can kick people off the project if they wish to do so. Lastly, the project owner has the option to delete the project.
